What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When i initialize a repo git creates an empty repository.i need to initialize a new repo so i can
be able to track my files and make changes.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

the staging area is the point where files are moved into from a working directory,before committing the change to the
repository.before any file can be committed to a repo,we must first add the file to the staging area.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

by adding the file you want to make a change to the staging area before committing to the repository.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches will help in a situation whereby you want to make a change on your project without affecting/breaking the master 
branch,you will create another branch,name it and make the changes on it.this new branch can also be merged with the 
previous branch(master) if you want your change to affect the project.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

the diagrams has helped understand that every branch comes from the master branch,and every commit has a parent.
futher more the HEAD can be detached to a previous commit where we can also create a new branch with the command
"git checkout -b new_branch_name".

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

after creating an experimental branch with the changes merging two branches together updates the master branch with tested 
changes created in the experimental branch.With using git log --graph (possibly with --oneline) [branch names...], you 
can easily tell how the whole branch structure was developed and at which point each branch was actually created.
That would give you the overview of the whole structure of the project you are working on, so that you can tell what you 
are specifically focusing on and when and which branch to merge your work.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

pros: git automatic merging resolves the merge conflict directly when you have two branches with different changes or 
verions whereas when you have two different branches with the same changes/verions(merge conflict) git will allow you to 
merge them manually.
Cons:
Can't thnink of any definite ones. Maybe can make it easier to overlook the potentially dangerous situation where two 
person are working on the same file at the same time.
