When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?
i will use a remote repository when i want to push my all my commit from my computer(local repo) to github.makes my work
go public.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote
repository?
i might pull a change manually when the change is from another person and i want it in my project.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Forks, clones, and branches are all ways to add new changes without affecting the existing version.With branches the 
new changes are added in the same repository.Forking and cloning both copy an entire repository toa new location.The 
difference between forking and cloning is that forking is a special construct made by GitHub.You can only fork a GitHub
repository to another location on GitHub, while you can clone any Git repository to anywhere you have access to.

I use branching for most cases where I want to add new changes to a repository while keeping an easy reference to a 
previous version, especially when collaborating with other people.I clone a repository on GitHub when I want to work on 
that repository locally rather than using the GitHub website.I fork a repository on GitHub when I want to make changes to 
that repository public, but I don't have permission to modify the original.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

some changes on the remote branch might have been made by another collaborator,so having a copy of the remote stored 
locally enables you to keep the state of the remote repository at your hand while you work on your branch locally, and 
also makes it easier for you to merge your own commits to the remote by merging it locally before you push to the remote.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

never tried collaborating on a project until my tutor put me on git and github,after going through lessons on udacity i 
found out other system like dropbox,google docs.but i will pick git and githb over any other.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach
have?

Working in a separate branch ensures that your master branch is always kept in a working state. You can try and experiment 
new functionality or algorithm in the new branch untill you are sure it works without breaking anything. On the other hand,
an obvious fix for e.g. easy misspelling would not need much experimenting and could be fixed directly in the master branch.
When working with a large group, though,using branches to keep track of which changes have already been reviewed and
approved is extremely helpful.